docs(nx-cloud): make access token doc discoverable (#14972)
nrwl/nx: docs/nx-cloud/account/access-tokens.md

The permissions and membership define what developers can access on nx.app. They don't affect what happens when you run Nx commands locally or on CI. To manage that, you need to provision access tokens. To do that, go to Workspace Options / Manage Access Tokens.

## Types of Access Tokens

> They are currently two (2) types of Access Tokens for Nx Cloud's runner that you can use on your workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are currently two (2) types of Access Tokens for Nx Cloud's runner that you can use on your workspace.  Both tokens support distributed task execution and allow Nx Cloud to store metadata about runs.
```

- `read-only`
- `read-write`

### Access Tokens: Read Only

> The `read-only` access tokens allow Nx Cloud to store metadata about runs and **read cached artifacts**, supports distributed task execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `read-only` access tokens will only read from the remote cache.  Task results will not be stored in the remote cache for other developers to use.
```

### Access Tokens: Read & Write

> The `read-write` access tokens allow Nx Cloud to store metadata about runs, **read and write cached artifacts**, supports distributed task execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `read-write` access tokens allows task results to be stored in the remote cache for other developers to download and replay on their machines.
```
